{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f42\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Aptos;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Aptos Display;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Aptos;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f53\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f59\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f60\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f61\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f62\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f63\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f65\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f66\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f68\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}
{\f69\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f72\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f73\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f75\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\f76\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f78\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f79\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f80\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}
{\f81\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f82\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f83\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f85\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos CE;}
{\f86\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Cyr;}{\f88\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Greek;}{\f89\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Tur;}{\f92\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Baltic;}
{\f93\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos Display CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Display Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Display Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Display Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Display Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos Display (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Aptos CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Aptos Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Aptos Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Aptos Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Aptos Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Aptos (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs24\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1966198\rsid10707898\rsid13923704}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0
\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Nickolas Kusman}{\creatim\yr2026\mo7\dy1\hr14\min22}{\revtim\yr2026\mo7\dy1\hr14\min22}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords4525}{\nofchars25795}
{\nofcharsws30260}{\vern19}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot1966198 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl278\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1966198 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1966198 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
You now know what the Scarlet King is. He is a creation of swirling anomalies, of so many different times, all over the world. He is the memory of a world that is lost, the premodern world, made manifest in a form of hatred for modernity, the new, the hum
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nism and smiling coldness that marks our day to day existence. Forged from a perfect balance of irreconcilable anomalies and our breaking minds. He is an entity created by this overwhelming, unavoidable tension. Of the howl of the old world when faced wit
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 h a cold, grey, purposeless new. He is the revenge of our fallen past. He is the idea of the ancient in a world which discards and fetishes it.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ Dipesh Spivak on the Scarlet King in Tufto's Proposal.\tab 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King is one of the main antagonists of the SCP Foundation series. He is an ancient and evil god worshiped by groups such as the Children of the Scarlet King as a ruthless powerful monarch often tied to the destruction of the current world as w
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e know it.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
He serves as the overarching antagonist behind the articles SCP-231 and possibly SCP-2317, and the main antagonist of the "Operation MAGNOLIA" series. He is one of the many anomalies proposed for the title of "SCP-001", an entry originally written for the
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  2018 Doomsday Contest.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Contents
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1\tab Appearance
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2\tab Personality
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3\tab Powers and Abilities
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4\tab Followers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4.1\tab Brides
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4.2\tab Other Followers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5\tab Quotes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6\tab Other Media
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6.1\tab In Music
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7\tab Trivia
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8\tab External Links
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9\tab Navigation
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Quick Answers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 fandom logo
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 What is the significance of the Scarlet King in the SCP Foundation mythos?toggle section
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Who are the Children of the Scarlet King and what is their relationship with him?toggle section
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 How is the Scarlet King related to SCP-231 and SCP-2317?toggle section
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Why is the Scarlet King considered a candidate for the title of 'SCP-001'?toggle section
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 What role does the Scarlet King play in the 'Verse of an Endless Song' series?toggle section
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Appearance
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In the tale "Three Short Scenes About Death" the Scarlet King is given a little description. His fist are described as massive and gnarled, holding the chains of his consorts and concubines. The same fists could effortlessly smash a man's throat. The King
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
's voice is described as similar to "the chittering of a billion infinitesimal insects", and swirling and constantly moving. His voice also was neither "high nor low nor cacophonous nor methodical", simply just being. When the Scarlet King first appeared 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 the Serpent, he took the form of a girl in red clothes sitting on a rocking throne. On other occasions, the Scarlet King was depicted as a gigantic monstrous red whale that swam through the watery abyss, devoured everything in his path and dominated the 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 food chain.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
According to Tufto's SCP-001 Proposal, the King is more akin to a living idea than an individual entity; in effect, he is the idea of nihilism, the people's dissatisfaction with the modern way of life, and can assimilate an entity thought to be him into a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
n aspect of himself just as it did with SCP-2317-K. He is always depicted as figure with a crown-like ornament over his head showing royalty and associated with the color red, or in the cases of alien cultures lacking the perception of the color red the K
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
g would be associated with a color that would be synonymous or close with the color. In SCP-4989, Dr. Simon Kells described looking at the King "like staring at a Pattern Screamer only more hollow".
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
When a group of Foundation agents confronted the physical form of the Scarlet King in his supposed throne room, he appeared as a young malnourished boy with hanging messy hair, crimson red eyes, wearing only a tunic and beaten sandals, and covered in bloo
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
, having taken the form of the first child who was sacrificed in his name. Drawn to the chaos caused during the Manhattan Crisis, the Scarlet King manifested himself as a false garden attempting to imitate nature, before battling SCP-2912-JP at which poin
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
t he transformed into a headless humanoid with no lower body that was solely comprised of bones, fangs, organs, and blood vessels, while surrounded by seven rays of light that could form into gigantic hands and emitting laughing and screams resembling tho
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 se\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  of a baby.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In "Dr. Wondertainment Goes Out With A Bang", the Scarlet King was described as having an anorexic thin humanoid body, standing exactly seven feet tall and emitting blinding red light. His skin resembled that of a burnt corpse, his hands were gnarled claw
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s, and possessed two great antlers behind his head and multiple eyes on his face. When confronting Cornelius Wondertainment he wore a military uniform covered in medals and rank markers.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In SCP-5641, the Scarlet King was described as ten trillion times Skanda's size, possessing seven mouths which spoke profanities, eyes that killed anyone who looked into them, and fourteen hands which he used to form all types of mudras. In SCP-6765, the 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 King's body was described as a humanoid with a bleeding red maw surrounded by grasping arms and eyes while clouded by smoke and fire, and poured endless blood and released an endless inhumane scream.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In ROUNDERHOUSE's Jade Proposal, the Scarlet King was depicted as a gigantic androgynous red humanoid being with an obscured face and always accompanying his avatar who was depicted as a sleeping man with a long beard, an elaborate headdress and carrying 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
long spears across his back. When approached by Greaves the Scarlet King took the form of a vast red sea, and when he took possession of the lieutenant, manifested at first as Greaves' nervous system glowing red before taking the appearance of a 3 meter t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 al\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l skinless humanoid with a bare skull, large horns resting atop his head and inscribed with pulsating symbols and markings.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Personality
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King as an old god from the Abyss was shown to be a cruel, manipulative, greedy and selfish individual, though this was more of an image he held to his insecurity and cowardice. After coming into contact with the Tree of Life, he wished to mak
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 all of it his property, and if he were to fail then he would destroy existence so no one else would claim it. He became hellbent on conquering everything, especially the Tree of Life, by any means necessary, enslaving and devouring numerous gods and doin
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
g whatever pleased him. It is believed that if SCP-999 were to interact with the Scarlet King, then his heart would change and finally see the beauty of the world and abandon his quest of destruction. However, that turned out to be all a lie fabricated by
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  maddened O5. It was noted that the Scarlet King was always honest, instead having his subjects lie on his behalf.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In Tufto's Proposal, however, it is shown that the Scarlet King has no true personality of his own, instead his nature being shaped by the belief of humanity. Because the Indians became furious at the British colonizers for studying and categorizing their
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
culture, taking away their traditions and "civilizing" them, this caused the idea of the Scarlet King to develop and form a deep-seated hatred against the current state of modern world. Because most people believed that the Scarlet King was an ancient dem
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
onic god determined to end all existence, it became so, although it can be interpreted that destroying the world means to only destroy the current state of the world and return humanity to ancient feudalism, which would also result in him completing his m
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 is\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
sion and ceasing to exist. According to URA-9521, a cephalopod-like monster born from the union of the King and a Daeva matriarch, the King was for the most part a mindless force that learned from the people believing in the ideology he represented, and e
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ven advised the Foundation that they should concentrate more on his followers rather than the King himself.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In ROUNDERHOUSE's Jade Proposal, not much is known about the Scarlet King's personality. The art representation of him portrayed the Scarlet King as a softer figure, appearing more magnanimously indifferent to the sacrifices offered by his Daeva rather th
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
an vengeful and demanding. He is also often depicted as dancing with his Maharaja, and the Daevas believe that the Scarlet King is their protector while he considered them his chosen people. He didn't take well to the arrival of the Foundation personnel i
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Korar, which disturbed his dreams that maintained the realm, but was willing to bond with Lt. Lucian Greaves in order to save the Daevas and get back at their common enemies.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Powers and Abilities
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King's true power is unknown, though he can impregnate various females in groups of seven with his Scarlet Spawn, whose birth caused great catastrophes around the world. Legends portray him as capable to conquer and destroy entire worlds and c
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
vilizations, and threaten other low elder gods. The Scarlet King is stated to be powerful enough to threaten all of Creation and the Tree of Knowledge itself, making him a multiversal threat. He also feeds on the negative feelings of people as he did with
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 Dr. Clef which resulted in the latter's madness and is apparently responsible for giving most reality-benders their powers. Although he and his followers were able to defeat both Mekhane and Nahash, in another account he was described as being weaker tha
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
his aunt Yaldabaoth, the Brothers Death, Ama Kubeya and Sanna, having defeated the latter only through the help of Jeser. In SCP-6765, the King's corpse is shown to be capable of mass destruction and had power over blood and the memories stored in it, as 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
shown when confronted by armed Foundation agents it simply removed their memories on how to operate a firearm. In SCP-8008's altered reality of Eluthertopia, the Scarlet King was the source of the Anti-Magic, a form of creation magic that was sent back in
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ime to convert matter into pure energy, in a way destroying matter, which counteracted the Metegian creation magic of the three goddesses Inanna, Gaea and Mary, though they could be combined and used interchangeably.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
As a living idea born from humanity's dissatisfaction with the lifeless modern world and the desire to return to the old ways of life, the Scarlet King was created and shaped by humanity, acting as premodernity's vengeance against modernity and as long as
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
modernity exists in its current state the Scarlet King would also persist existing. As a result, the Scarlet King exists as an entity in the noosphere, the human collective consciousness, just like SCP-3125, WAN, SCP-6820-A and possibly the Neon God, and 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
could both affect and be affected by humanity: the idea of the King would haunt those who learned about his true nature, inflicting dreams in them and corrupting them, while various incarnations of the King would be created from the belief of various lege
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s, such as his origin as a god which would be retroactively written as somewhat being the case. When people began interacting with the idea of the Scarlet King, he would also affect reality by creating portals to a hellish dimension, create sounds of hymn
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s sung about him, manifest human blood in specific places and fires that formed imagery about him. However, the Foundation would later use SCP-6659 to completely destroy the idea of the Scarlet King from the noosphere, trapping him inside a sacrificial da
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gg\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 er acting as his totem and liberating humanity from his influence.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In SCP-5317, it is revealed that the Scarlet King is a pawn of the anafabula designated as SCP-2747. Because the Scarlet King has the character tropes of a stereotypical Big Bad of a story, he acts as a plot point that allows 2747 to manifest in the story
.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 SCP-2747 used the Scarlet King to drive stories to boring and unsatisfying endings which paved way for the antinarrative to manifest itself and devour the entirety of those realities. In SCP-6747, after Dr. King partially merged with SCP-2747, becoming a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  powerful antinarrative entity designated SCP-6747-C, he also became an iteration of the Scarlet King, suggesting that most if not all incarnations of the Scarlet King are manifestations of SCP-2747.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In ROUNDERHOUSE's Jade Proposal, the Scarlet King was a formless god representing the survival in the unforgiving nature. Although he was left in a weakened state his dreams of the Daeva and Korar became real, albeit in the astral plane which was likely c
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
onnected to the Oneiroi dreamworld. As the Daevas were nature spirits, the Scarlet King held great power over plant life, or more broadly over nature. However, he alone was unable to maintain Korar and needed to possess an avatar, the Scarlet Maharaja, to
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
each his full potential. The Scarlet Maharaja was one of the most powerful sorcerers the world had ever seen, but was limited by the fact that he needed to be put asleep in order for the Daevas and Korar to exist. Only those with a strong mind could host 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
the Scarlet as his being could easily annihilate the mind of a normal human. Lucian Greaves proved to be strong enough to be possessed by the Scarlet, causing them to manifest in a new body separate from the lieutenant's original one, and easily massacred
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n entire fleet of modified Mekhanites without even touching them.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Followers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Brides
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King is almost always seen accompanied by his seven brides which are known as the Scarlet Brides. The Brides have appeared in various forms which ranged from seven Daeva matriarchs, to the Scarlet King's own daughters conceived from a previous
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
mate, and to a pod of seven female whales. However, the Brides are less than actual entities and more of a phenomenon as the Scarlet King is capable of impregnating organisms in group of seven through numerous means and would then give birth to creatures 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
labeled as the Scarlet Spawn which portray the King as a fertility idol and vary greatly in appearance, behavior and function. Certain Neo-Daevites believe that the Brides have, all but one, been taken by the King and if the final Bride were to give birth
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hen it would cause an apocalyptic event.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Spawn include: the Scarlet Children which are identical to normal humans from both biology and personality and is impossible to tell them apart; the Holy Beasts, known to the public as the Humboldt squids, are cephalopodic monsters engineered by the D
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
evites for war; and the Scarlet Covenant, a group of humanoid monsters born from the union of the King and several Daeva matriarchs, which are capable of wearing the peeled skin of humans and perfectly impersonate them.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 
The Brides throughout history may have given birth to SCP-166, SCP-682, SCP-999, the whale encountered by the Foundation's Esoteric Warfare Unit, Jack of Spades/Hgan, SCP-4547-B4, the unborn child from SCP-5832, Ch\'f2\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 
ndu'ang and the parent of \'d2\loch\f31506 dde. Although\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
SCP-231-7 is once depicted as she herself being the seventh child, rebirthing herself as the Horseman of Conquest. It is also hinted that SCP-231-7 instead of being pregnant with the Scarlet King's child, she is pregnant with the Scarlet King himself, mea
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ning that she serves to birth the physical form of the King into the world. Dr. Dylan King is also the son of either the Scarlet King, the Hanged King, or both.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Other Followers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King has been worshipped by numerous radical groups, the most prominent being the Children of the Scarlet King and doubtfully the savage Daevite Empire. The Children are a series of cults which consist of countless individuals who believe in t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
he establishment of a bloody hierarchy of strength around the world. They see the King as the representation of social darwinism and mostly fascism, a powerful oppressive monarch who sits above the weak and needs to be served and obeyed by those beneath h
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 im\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
. As an idea of this ideology, the King is opposed to peaceful equality and freedom without violence as individuals should fight for power and conquer their enemies who are considered lesser than them. Because the Scarlet King is empowered by his follower
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s, it should be considered that the followers could be more dangerous than the King as he is a living idea that affects like-minded people.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King was able to corrupt several disturbed individuals such as the Little Mister known as Mr. Redd, the time-traveling Turkmen tribe designated SCP-3838-8 and the reality-bender Lilly, pushing them into becoming cruel abusers and conquerors, a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
cting as the King's messengers and spreading chaos and pain. Other cults worshiping the Scarlet King founded by non-humans include: the short-lived groups present in SCP-378's species and the SCP-1000 civilization, and the Reypay 'Eveng (Blood Children) w
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ch was formed on the planet designated SCP-4547 inhabited by the taronyu alien race.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In several depictions of his pantheon, the Scarlet King is depicted as having gathered many fellow gods as his subordinates, among them were The Factory, Jeser, Goran, Moloch, Kenkgor, Lady Yoru, and the Hanged King (though the latter is also depicted as 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
pposing or being unaffiliated with the Scarlet King depending on canon). He, alongside the Hanged King and Bobble the Clown, formed a version of the Trinity which was known as the "Trinity of the Red Court". He was also associated with the King Worm, the 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Verdant Mage, and the Violet Queen, who were all worshipped alongside him by the Daevites. Other servants included: Asveth Korgaul, Hatbot, Rama-Vaduk, Amana-Kifenn, Karal-ba, Toth-ner, and three other demons, the latter seven of which are all imprisoned 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 wi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 thin a set of seven spears collectively designated as KTE-2013-Kapala-Mendes capable of summoning various monsters of the Scarlet King's army.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Ghul of Universe L453 "Harald's Hole" that resided at the center of SCP-7005, a multidimensional transport network known as Lampeter, also worshipped the Scarlet King. However, this universe's version of the King was far more benevolent, being describ
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d as a kind and merciful figure, and one of Ghul even believed that the King would help unite the populations of various universes and under his red beautiful sky people, poor and rich alike, would live in equality.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Quotes
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 When all is naught but Dust and Blood,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And scarlet soldiers ride
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Our once great world reduced to mud,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He comes to claim His brides
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Erikesh have lost their spark,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Khansmen soon as well,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The urns now fall to endless dark,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The great pearl houses hell.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The black moon howls and wails in fear,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The king of oysters screams,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The child of summer drawing near,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A vanguard for His queens.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 With law of concrete, law of blood,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And law of howling, third;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The men of earth shall fall in floods,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 As His great prison blurs
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The world shall fall to Khnith-h'gor,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The God of Dark Below,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 His children\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s children march to war,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Their eyes a crimson glow.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And on that day, when battle comes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And hellish armies walk,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Scarlet Khan and his wartime drums,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll fall before Kharahk\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ A poem of the Scarlet King from "Book Club".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 He runs from an old and all-encompassing god in the lake below that he\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s been chained to in a ritual that has not been attempted for a thousand years. He runs from something that he cannot place- his own fear, or from the house? From Lilly? From the men\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
in black armor? From North Access? Does he think that if he runs far enough and fast enough that he will no longer surface back where he started? Is he running from an old sort of concept, a spirit of a flood and of endless passageways that will now pursu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e him for the remainder of his life:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Montauk? Was that what he was afraid of, even if he could not place it? Even when he runs the same track endlessly in his dreams? Montauk, as it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s written in the old texts. The pressuring fear. The hand of the red god.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ Expert from SCP-4231.\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 But surely, the most outlandish theories concerning the Daevite religion are formed around their worship of an entity called the Scarlet King. If such an entity even existed \hich\f31506 
\endash \loch\f31506  and there\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s no real evidence it did \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  there\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s no link between what we concret\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ly know about the Daeva Matriarchy and what little has been written about the Scarlet King.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This writer finds the concept of a matriarchal society worshiping a two dimensional patriarchal deity implausible at best, orientalist at worst.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ Dr. Wentworth Sullivan about the connection between the Scarlet King and the Daevites from the "Daevite Hub".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 Like a child, he is blind to the contradiction of his desires; he wishes to destroy all things to experience the peace of nonbeing, yet is terrified of death.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ SCP-6462-C-1 (A'nuht) to Dr. Anvi Madras when talking about the Scarlet King.\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 There are, of course, some common motifs you may want to keep in mind. The Scarlet King can be seen as\'85\loch\f31506 
 "villainous", as can the Children. One can say they make for a good "villain", of course, but that seems a bit reductive, doesn't it? The Children an\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 their King are more than just another generic "villain" \hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 
 they represent the primal part of humanity that seeks to define the "strong" and the "weak", the basal urge that wets our thrones in dust and blood, the Scarlet spot at the back of our minds.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ From "The Children of the Scarlet King Hub".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 I do not want any of this. I never have. I\'85\loch\f31506 
I was just a child myself, Arthur Boyles. Just a child when the first fool raised a dagger, sacrificed me, and named a god which did not exist yet. I was just a child when my father created the Scarlet King\hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506 a s
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 capegoat for all his greed and corruption. A \hich\f31506 \lquote \loch\f31506 necessary evil\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
 of sacrifice so that he may claim to be a great knower of wisdom and pretend to have the voice of the divine whispering to him. When humans began to turn to modernity, I thought I might finally\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  k
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
now peace. Surely, now they had the means that clear, rotten corruption within their societies could be swept aside. But you did not. So many still sacrificed to me, behind closed doors and kept to themselves. Those are the most egregious of you all. They
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  do not receive any boons from me other than the ones they invent for themselves.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ The Scarlet King to the Foundation in "The Scarlet Truth".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 
Phil, your body is skin upon adipose upon sinew, coarsely wrapping a bouquet of carefully arranged treasures - but what is the force that makes it move? Speak? Eat? Drink? You move forward with your life because it's the only thing your unconquered meat
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 understands. You are an empty vessel, begging to be stained crimson. Individualism is the leprosy of the spirit. When you stop pushing back against dominance, you will understand that to be hurt is to be crowned god-king of all that is below you.\tab 
\hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ SCP-7527-A/Slimmy Kincaid to Phil Harris.\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 They forget the hallowed words upon the death of time.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 May they share the fate of those who deny to me what's mine,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 They forget the howling chains that bind me safe away,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 One of many old chanyus forgotten in this way.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 They forget the steel swords they used to cast me down,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 They shall not forget again before my flaming crown.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 They forget the seven brides that wait for my return,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Such loveliness is lost upon the children of the urns.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 They forget the seals that are used to keep me still,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Only one remembers and is not bent to my will.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Seven seals, seven tribes, six reclaimed, one shall be mine,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And ere the end of all your days the Crimson Khan shall ride.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ A song about the Scarlet King originating with SCP-3838-8.\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 And then came the wicked schemer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Cursed wielder of the number 7,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In all his scarlet sin and terror.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He saw no beauty
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Nothing to be cherished
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 All should be ruled
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And warped to sinful desire.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And so he plotted.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He schemed.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He Maneuvered the 7 to bring about her end.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 But to destroy her would destroy everything he believed.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 So await the 13th he did.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ Excerpt from the Finnfolk Penumbra in the "Seas of Orcadia Hub".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 
Behind her, there is something she feels before seeing, something warm and safe that calms her shaking frame, even though it doesn't have anything like a form. Just a sense that things will be all right, that she's not alone, no matter how much she thin
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 k\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s she is. Surrounded by a crimson light, she has a sense of peace and purpose that she doesn't understand in the least. That there's a storm just beyond her sight and it's coming, but she's not alone.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ Lucy being comforted in her dreams by her father Lucian Greaves in "I Think I Could Be Brave".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 
Righteous Angel, made eunuch by the blades of Canaan, lead the flock to righteousness. Your boneless benevolence is the guiding star of the True Children of Israel. Let not their half-breed Antichrist rise from his tomb to devour the world once more. We
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  know you shall not fail us, for through God, all things are possible.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ A prayer to the Scarlet King from "Christ In Scarlet - Hub".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 Now ahead, I see a Scarlet King.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 His horns shape a violent red crown.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He holds out his jagged right hand,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And cuts it, giving me new life.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Bring justice upon the damned.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He kneels, wrapping around me his gown.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Cried, I did. Soon, I shall sing.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Our gift to you, these lovely flames.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 O, your screams are like a song!
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Just before we broke your foul lords,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Ambassador cast us out.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In this place, there were great hoards.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The fools thought themselves as strong,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Yet it is their blood that rains.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Their warm blood drops me to weep.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Father holds me like an infant.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In my ear, he hums a tune:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Rest now, my darling child.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 He whispers, under the moon.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Soon, my cries go distant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 And I drift into a soft sleep.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ The Scarlet King comforting and empowering a poor Alagaddan slave in "Heart Filled".\tab 
\par \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \'93\tab \loch\f31506 You will gain freedom through violence. Just like your father.\tab \hich\f31506 \'84
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ~ SCP-8166-2's persona as the Scarlet King speaking to her in "Dreams of Crimson and Azure".\tab 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Other Media
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In Music
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Australian-based band known as the Atomic Beau Project released on March 23, 2019, a song based on the Scarlet King and SCP-2317 titled "The King".
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Trivia
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The concept of the Scarlet King was originally created by author DrClef in SCP-231, but the character was properly developed by other authors such as Djoric, Tufto and UraniumEmpire.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 DrClef when creating both SCP-231 and SCP-2317 was partially inspired by the now-deleted version of SCP-363 titled "Tree-Like Horns" which had been based on "The Walkers" painting by Justin Cherry.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Tufto has regretted several decisions he took when writing the SCP-001 Proposal, since it has been misinterpreted as being a criticism for modernity, similar to a postmodernist view, but in truth it was meant to be about the inability to let go of the fla
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 wed outdated past.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Scarlet King has been influenced by numerous entities across religion, mythology and fiction, with some being: The Devil, Abaddon, the Leviathan, Typhon, Chernobog, Hastur, the Crimson King, Ahriman, Khorne and Z
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid1966198 \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u804\'3f\u834\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af42 \ltrch\fcs0 \f42\insrsid1966198 \loch\af42\dbch\af31505\hich\f42 \'e2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid1966198 
\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u802\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid1966198 \loch\af37\dbch\af31505\hich\f37 \u7735\'3f\u842\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1966198 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid1966198 \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u825\'3f\u787\'3f\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u559\'3f\u792\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1966198 .
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Given that the Scarlet King was revealed in Tufto's Proposal to be the embodiment of the conflict between premodernity and modernity created by human thought, this makes him similar to the Idea of Evil from Berserk. The Scarlet King's depiction in SCP-646
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 and "Omnigenesis and the Law of Blades" was based off Jagganoth from Kill Six Billion Demons. The Scarlet King's portrayal in "Tears and Bone" was based on Edgar Allan Poe's story Hop-Frog. In ROUNDERHOUSE's Jade Proposal, the Scarlet shares similarities
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  with Azathoth as both beings could create a world and life from their dreams alone, with the difference being that the Scarlet King is much weaker and willingly slumbered for his dreams to maintain Korar.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Scarlet King is often theorized to possibly be the true or final stage of SCP-2317-K, an untold horror that even the SCP Foundation has difficulty containing and documenting. Since the wiki has no real canon, it is ultimately up to the reader to belie
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ve if SCP-2317 and the Scarlet King are one and the same. However, 2317's creator personally believes that it and the Scarlet King are completely separate entities.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
SCP-3806-A claims that Yaldabaoth and the Scarlet King are known to snatch human souls in the astral plane. She also suggests that Odin is also gathering honorable souls to form an army in order to fight either the Scarlet King or Yaldabaoth in the end of
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  times.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Scarlet King is often associated with whales. This is because the author Djoric joked about SCP-231-7's race being redacted and that since it was five letters long she could have been a whale instead of a human.

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In the universe of SCP-6001 where the Compendium, a benevolent amalgam organization of different GoIs, took over the world and declared worldwide peace with all anomalies, it is mentioned that they were capable of vanquishing and probably even killing the
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Scarlet King and his pantheon.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the joke tale "Tim Wilson KILLS THE MARVEL UNIVERSE!!!", the Scarlet King is one of the many notable beings killed off-screen by Tim Wilson of Wilson's Wildlife Solutions.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
In the comedic tale "Dust and Shopper's Rewards", the Scarlet King goes shopping at Walmart in order to provide food for his daughter/wife, and there, he also meets O5-1 who informs the King on how 231-7 was doing. After he became annoyed with the service
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  of the store, the Scarlet King tried to leave before realizing that he became trapped there in a similar manner to SCP-3008.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the year 3870 A.D. in the universe of Earth-7M, the Scarlet King was able to manifest himself in that reality and proceeded to have intercourse with the universe's sun.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In Djoric's headcanon, SCP-682, SCP-879 and SCP-058 are the spawn of the Scarlet King, while SCP-999 is nothing more than the still-living placenta of one of the spawn.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
According to "A Contingency, if this Wonderful World Doesn't Happen", if "What a Wonderful World" were to be continued as planned it would have been revealed that the Scarlet King was using Isabel Wondertainment V as a vessel after the universe was recrea
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ted and he converted into the idea of progress as a result of representing the ever-present human ambition. Under the influence of the King Isabel would become a ruthless extremist leading a revolution against The Factory and later the Foundation and its 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 al\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
lies, wanting to abolish the Veil of Secrecy and force humanity to progress even if it costs the lives of the non-notable and weaker individuals. This story would've been influenced by Animal Farm.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 According to Sammy Skipper, the Scarlet King's appearance as a vague humanoid being with antlers is not his true appearance but an hallucination by the human mind trying to comprehend his true form.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10707898 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100d0557692fa0700000d220000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec5a4b8f1bb911be07c87f68f45d5677eb3db0bcd0d3b3f68c3db064077ba4244a4d0fbb2934a99911160b04de532e0b2cb00972c802
b9e5100459200b64914b7e8c011bc9e647a448b65aa444791e30022398994b37f555f16355b1aa9add0f3fbb4aa87781334e58daf6c30781efe174ca66245db4
fd97e361a9e97b5ca07486284b71db5f63ee7ff6e897bf78888e448c13ec817cca8f50db8f85581e95cb7c0ac3883f604b9cc26f73962548c06db628cf327409
7a135a8e82a05e4e10497d2f4509a87d3e9f9329f6c652a5ff68a37c40e136155c0e4c693692aab125a1b0b3f35022f89af768e65d20daf6619e19bb1ce32be1
7b1471013fb4fd40fdf9e5470fcbe82817a2e280ac2137547fb95c2e303b8fd49cd962524c1a0ca266352cf42b0015fbb84153fe17fa14004da7b052cdc5d419
d6ea4133cab106485f3a74b71a61c5c61bfa2b7b9cc356bd1b552dfd0aa4f557f7f0c1b035e8d72cbc02697c6d0fdf09a26eab62e11548e3eb7bf8eaa0d38806
165e81624ad2f37d74bdd16cd673740199337aec84b7eaf5a0d1cfe15b144443115d728a394bc5a1584bd06b960d0120811409927a62bdc473348528ee2c05e3
5e9ff025456bdf5ba29471180ea23084d0ab0651f1af2c8e8e3032a4252f60c2f786241f8f4f33b2146dff0968f50dc8bb9f7e7afbe6c7b76ffefef6ebafdfbe
f9ab774216b1d0aa2cb963942e4cb99ffff4ed7fbeffb5f7efbffdf1e7ef7eebc67313fffe2fbf79ff8f7f7e483d6cb5ad29defdee87f73ffef0eef7dffcebcf
df39b477323431e1639260ee3dc397de0b96c00295296cfe7892dd4e621c23624a74d205472992b338f40f446ca19fad11450e5c17db767c9541aa71011faf5e
5b844771b612c4a1f1699c58c053c66897654e2b3c957319661eafd2857bf26c65e25e2074e19abb8752cbcb83d512722c71a9ecc5d8a27946512ad002a75878
f237768eb163755f1062d9f5944c33c6d95c785f10af8b88d3246332b1a2692b744c12f0cbda4510fc6dd9e6f495d765d4b5ea3ebeb091b0371075901f636a99
f1315a0994b8548e51424d839f2011bb488ed6d9d4c40db8004f2f3065de60863977c93ccf60bd86d39f22c86e4eb79fd27562233341ce5d3a4f106326b2cfce
7b314a962eec88a4b189fd9c9f438822ef8c0917fc94d93b44de831f507ad0ddaf08b6dc7d7d36780959cea4b40d10f9cb2a73f8f2316656fc8ed6748eb02bd5
74b2c44ab19d8c38a3a3bb5a58a17d823145976886b1f7f27307832e5b5a36df927e12435639c6aec07a82ec5895f729e6d02bc9e6663f4f9e106e85ec082fd8
013ea7eb9dc4b3466982b2439a9f81d74d9b0f26196c460785e7747a6e029f11e801215e9c4679ce418711dc07b59ec5c82a60f29ebbe3759d59febbc91e837d
f9daa271837d0932f8d63290d84d990fda668ca835c13660c6887827ae740b2296fbb722b2b82ab195536e6e6fdaad1ba03bb29a9e84a4d77440ffbbce07fa8b
777ff8de11821fa7db712bb652d52dfb9c43a9e478a7bb3984dbed697a2c9b914fbfa5e9a3557a86a18aece7abfb8ee6bea3f1ffef3b9a43fbf9be8f39d46ddc
f7313ef417f77d4c7eb4f271fa986deb025d8d3c5ed0c73cead0273978e63327948ec49ae213ae8e7d383ccdcc863028e5d479272ece0097315cca32071358b8
4586948c9731f12b22e2518c96703614fa52c982e7aa17dc5b320e47466ad8a95be2e92a3965337dd4a9ce96025d593912dbf1a006874e7a1c8ea98446d71bf9
a0e4a7ce5381af62bb50c7ac1b0252f636248cc96c12150789c666f01a12f2d4ece3b068395834a5fa8dabf64c01d40aafc0e3b6070fe96dbf569584e08c9c4f
a1359f493f69576fbcab9cf9313d7dc8985604c0b1a25e091cca179e6e49ae07972757a743ed069eb64828a7e8b0b24928cba8068fc7f0109c47a71cbd098ddb
fabab575a9454f9a42cd07f1bda5d1687e88c55d7d0d72bbb981a666a6a0a977097b3c824de77b53b46cfb73383386cb6409c1c3e52317a20b78f1321599def1
77492dcb8c8b3ee2b1b6b8ca3ada3f091138f32849dabe5c7fe1079aaa24a2c9b560eb7eaae422b9e13e3572e075dbcb783ec75361fadd189196d6b790e275b2
70feaac4ef0e96926c05ee1ec5b34b6f4257d90b0421566b84d2bb33c2e1d541a85d3d23f02eacc864dbf8dba94c79f6375f46a918d2e3882e63949714339b6b
b82a28051d7557d8c0b8cbd70c06354c9257c2c9425658d3a856392d6a97e670b0ec5e2f242d6764cd6dd1b4d28a2c9bee3466cdb0a9033bb6bc5b9537586d4c
0c49cd2cf13a77efe6dcd626d9ed340a4599008317f6bb5bed37a86d27b3a849c6fb795826ed7cd42e1e9b055e43ed2655c248fbf58dda1dbb1545c2391d0cde
a9f483dc6ed4c2d07cd3582a4bab97e6e67b6d36790dc9a30f6dee8aea37dd34853b19957c799629df4ed86c9d5f52ae138df6b96c4a2592a62ff0dc23b3abb6
1fb93a47fdb635ccbb01859662b2781582ce6ecf16ccf152546fd84258077811547a53dac285849a197aef42589d28ba688bab0d65d9ab035e9990eb55836973
4bc1d5be15e1743c43d0db8e5467a7732fd0be12797e812b6f9591b6ff6550eb547b51ad570a9ab541a95aa906a566ad5329756ab54a38a88541bf1b7d05f444
9c8435fdd5c3105e02d175feed831adffbfe21d9bce77a30654999a9ef1bcacafbeafb87303afcfd033812684583b01a75a25ea9d70feba56ad4af979a8d4aa7
d48beafda80345bb3eec7ce57b170a1c76fbfde1b01695ea3dc055834eadd4e9567aa57a73d08d86e1a0da0f009c979f2b788a019b6d6c01978ad7a3ff020000
ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e61676572
2e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168
aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bb
d048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff030050
4b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c
504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d0014
0006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e
786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100d0557692fa0700000d2200001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f746865
6d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000040b00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ff0b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000004002
5dfd8e09dd01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}